Chapter 3 English  Opening 1 ID 94B

Captain: If we keep the ship sailing smoothly as we do, we got about half a day left to go.
Issac: Ifm sorry, Captain. Having your boat sailed right into pirate territory must have been pretty risky.
Captain: Itfs fine. With pirates roaming around, business is pretty much nonexistent. Also, the people of this town says theyfll help us, so we must do what we can.
Issac: Glad you say so, but there comesc
Captain: Whatfs wrong?
Issac: Itfs a ship, Captain. Itfs trying to come alongside us.
Captain: Shit, they've approached us hiding in this fog. Huhc it seems to bear Etrurian colors. Is it a patrol ship? The biggest conundrum is what they want from us.

Opening 2 ID 93B
Schwarz: This is a patrol ship of the Kingdom of Etruria. Stop the ship, and bring your captain to me.

Opening 3 ID 928
Captain: Apparently, theyfre calling me. Anyway, itfs not a big deal. Wait in the ship. Ifll deal with this hassle.
Issac: Captain? Is this a common occurrence?
Captain: Noc this is the first time. The whole continent is in turmoil these days so I guess the Etrurian guards are being a bit harsher. This misunderstanding should be cleared up pretty quickly.
Issac:c

Opening 4 ID 928
Captain: Ifm the captain here. Whatfs the problem, officer?
Schwarz: My name is Schwarz and I am the chief of the Etrurian guards. Could I investigate the ship, please?
Captain: Wh, why, sir? What the hell are we suspected of?
Schwarz: I agree that this is certainly sudden, so Ifm sorry. In fact, we overheard news that pirates are lurking in this neighbourhood, so wefre investigating. I wonder if you could let us.
Captain: Huh, sirc? You think we look like gpiratesh?
Schwarz: Ifm just making sure. Pirates these days are very smart when it comes to disguises.
Captain: If thatfs the casec, that sounds reasonable.
Schwarz: Thank you for your cooperation. Alright, everyone, I got permission. Men, bring all the cargo of their ship into ours!
Soldier: Yes sir! Wefll go and get everything ready.
Captain:Oh... please, wait just a little. Ifve never heard Etrurian guards do such things!
Schwarz: Wefll only take the cargo back to base and investigate it. When it comes to an investigation, we must make a thorough one. Or, do you have anything shady behind your back?
Captain: Thatfs not itc But if you take all this cargo away, our businessfll get stalled.
Soldier: Mr. Schwarz, wefre ready.
Schwarz: Good. Do it. 
Soldier: Ay, sir.
Captain: Hey! All of you! Stop doing that! Donft ruin our ship!
Schwarz: c? Whatfs up? What is going on with your hands?
Captain: What?
Schwarz: Donft touch me with your dirty, commoner hands!
Captain: !!
Schwarz: This act can be seen as a sign of rebellion against the Etrurians!
Captain: No, donft be silly! I only touched you for a moment!
Schwarz: Soc you rebelsc deserve punishment, right?
Captain: Hey! Calm dowc

Opening 5 ID 94D
Issac: !! cThis is starting to get troublesome.

Opening 6 ID 94E
Issac: Captain! Are you OK?
Schwarz: Well, well, who are you people? You seem to be a group of mercenaries or something, butc That ship is property of the rebels. We must confiscate it, so you must all vacate the boat!
Issac: This is the middle of the ocean. Besides, a lot of civilians are below decks, so where are you telling us to go?
Schwarz: Into the water, of course. Wefll help you do it. Now you should gather everyone here on the deck.
Issac: cSorry, but that offer is an option we canft take. 
Schwarz: Wellc We are doing this while bearing the mantle of gjusticeh. So you are now disturbing justice, in which case I cannot overlook that refusal as a gknighth.
Issac: But how is it, that you, a knight, would find fault with the captain, commandeer the ship and take the supplies? That almost seems like something a gpirateh would do.
Schwarz: You treat us as gpirateshc?
Issac: And as a gpirateh, you seem honored with a very fine flag.
Schwarz: Youc lowly mercenariesc! Soldiers, kill those bastards! Get ready to kill everyone on that ship! Itfs a grave crime to insult me, no, us Etrurian knights. Your death shall not be quick!

Opening 7 ID 92E
Seaman: Captain! Hey, mercenaries, wefll take care of Captain. So will you keep them from coming into our ship? 
Issac: Understood. But I too have something to ask of you, professional seaman.
Seaman: We specialize only in transportation. However, Ifll listen to you at least.
Issac: Is it possible to pierce the enemyfs command ship? Unless some trouble happens, the enemy wonft withdraw. We canft keep fighting forever. Can you make it?
Captain: We canc
Seaman: Captain! Please donft overdo it, youfre still injured!
Captain: Yac idiotc Nowfs c the timec to c overdo it. Youcexplain.
Seaman: Y, yupc We are sailors. We know everything about most ships. So, we can secretly attack the command ship and burst a hole that causes it to sink.
Issac: Alright, wefll keep them distracted up top as long as possible.
Seaman: Ifll leave it to yac Now, letfs retreat, Captain!

Rem appears on turn 4! ID 950
Rem: Oh, hurray! At last, therefs a chance for me to escape! Hell, I successfully stole into this ship, but since it set sail, Ifve been in trouble. Oh well, time to evacuate!

Rem and Issacfs conversation ID A71
Issac: Hey you! Whyfd you escape from the Etrurian ship?
Rem: Gee, I was seenc Ifll pass myself off anyhowc In fact, sirc, I was caught by the people on the shipc Ifve barely escaped with my lifecsniff.
Issac: That claim sounds made up. You must be trying to hide it, but I see you're holding some valuable objects. So the story is like this; you stole into the Etrurian ship to snitch things, but unfortunately, you were unable to break out of it, right?
Rem: S, so what! Ifm barely getting by! Yup, I do steal, but I canft afford to care about whatever I do!
Issac: That attitude is passable, but only for a time. And the end of that time will certainly come, when you must change your way of life. Itfs not now, though. Youfre lucky this time.
Rem:c
Issac: Come on, get out of here, before youfre involved.
Rem: Hey, can I stay with you? Are you laddies mercenaries, arenft you? Since you preach about changing ways of life so much, how about you gimme the opportunity to change my way? Or Ifll follow you around. 
Isaac: Do you understand what this situation is like, donft you?
Rem: Of course I do. And itfs no obstacle. 
Issac: Very well. I will let you in, in consideration of your guts. But can you listen to orders and act obediently?
Rem: Huh, Ifd be glad to!

Brian and Rem conversation ID A73
Brian: Hmm? That girl looks like c?
Rem: Hey you! Could you please get outta my way, lad!? As you see, Ifm barely escaping with my life! 
Brian: Oops, sorry. You can go that way. Hurry up, kid.
Rem: efThanksff, sir.
Brian: Hey, little girl, wait a second!
Rem: What? Donft you see Ifm in a hurry?
Brian: I do see you were holding some pretty expensive looking stuff. Youfre a thief, right?  
Rem: Hey, those are mine! Give them back!
Brian: Yeah, yeah, better give it backc 
Rem: Hmph!
Brian: Herefs a piece of advice, one thief to the other. Stop pickpocketing, or youfll soon find yourself in between a rock and a hard place.
Rem: You, a thief, telling me to stop thieving? Youfve gotta practice what you preach! Wherefs yer boss? Ifve gotta complain about you, or I cannot settle down! 
Brian: Wait, kid! Donft go that way! Theyfre having severe fighting over there.
Rem: Shut up, you preachy old man!

Rem Death Quote ID C05
Rem: Owc.
This is the worstc.

Rem finding Treasure ID E59
Rem: Did some idiot drop this, huh?
What a nice catch! Before people notice, Ifve gotta sell it on the market!

Schwarz boss dialogue ID904
Schwarz: What an annoyance. My armor will get dirtyc with your blood!

Schwarz vs. Isaac dialogue ID91A
Schwarz : Considering youfre a lowly mercenary, your armor looks refined. In addition, your sword techniquec Itfs Etrurian!
Isaac: And what?
Schwarz: Youfre pitifulc! Chuckle. Youc must have been a noble! Unable to maintain your clan, you degraded yourself to a mercenary! I canft find any other way to call you,gpitifulh man!
Isaac: Ifm not going to join you in stalling for time. 
Schwarz: Chucklec For the honor of Etruria, a pitiful man like you shall die by my hand!
Isaac: Ifll see you try!

Schwarz death quote ID 90D
Schwarz: Now, I get itc That black armorc You dirty, Etruscan minionsc gNamelesshc

Chapter 3 ending cut scene
Schwarz: Tskc These lowly mercenaries are troublesome.
Soldier: Commander Schwarz! The enemy has blown a hole in the hull of our ship! If we continue this battle, wefll sink!
Schwarz: When in the world did they do such a thingc? Humiliated by a bunch of lowly mercenariesc But we canft help it. Men! Wefll stop fighting and leave now!
Soldier: Yes, sir!
Schwarz: Dammit! Shit! When we meet next, mercenariesc Ifll surelyc !

Chapter 3 ending 2
Isaac: Hear me, soldiers! Your general is defeated, so this fight is now pointless! Drop your weapons and surrender, and I will guarantee that your life will not be taken!