■章終了会話3             　　　ID 7BA

One month later...

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------
■章終了会話4             　　　ID 931


Audrey:
At last there's hope for the reconstruction of Valletta, even though the town was destroyed so terribly. We cannot make light of those people's power to live on.

Isaac: Nope. It seems that pirates are basically extinct in the Valetta area. However, since they hired us as town guards, I feel like we're almost stealing from those poor souls.

Audrey: Yo, it's alright, once in a while, for us to be free from those busy battles. Just remember our days in Etruria. I'd rather have this easy life than that terribly hard one.

Isaac: Well, you're right on those points.

Audrey:... By the way, Isaac. What are those pieces of paper you have with you?

Isaac: Oh, these? These are Kara's. They're a mercenaries' pass. When we were getting rid of the pirates, I was watching and evaluating her movements. She performed so well, even though I can feel slightly worried... If she submits this pass, she'll fight as a fully-fledged Illian knight. She would fly across the continent, and we might miss her.

Audrey: Yeah... if Kara left.. it would certainly be an emotional departure. Everybody here has a soft spot for her.

Issac: Nah, leaving does not mean separation by death. We'll be able to see each other again, if an opportunity presents itself. Anyway, I've finished writing it. I will take proper occasion to give it to her, though I'm not giving as long as she persists with her qualification.

Audrey:Oi, Isaac? So you mean you'll never be able to give it to her, huh?

Isaac:Haha, you're dead right. By the way, I'm worried about... the extended absence of Johnny and others. Chloe says they can't return awhile due to the additional mission, but...

Audrey:Hmm, we haven't even heard from them. Maybe something happened to them.

Isaac: That sounds highly probable...

Civilian: Help! It's Etrurians...! Etrurians came into the village!

Isaac: ...Did you hear that, Audrey? It seems something is happening to us, too.

Audrey: Indeed. Are they taking revenge on us for the last fight?

Isaac: If so, it seems like an emergency. Gather the mercenaries. We may have another fight on our hands.

Audrey:... Understood. I'll gather them now.
 
Chapter 3 ending 5
Saar: Listen, people of this village! I'll tell you the order from Lord Florence of Dia! Lord has given you the honor of serving Etruria, which you should take pride in! Any able bodied men from 15 to 60 years of age shall present themselves here and now! You don't have the right of veto. If there should be one who refuses the duty, we will punish the village in the form of sanctions!

Old man: Oh, no... It's the end... "The Eburacum mines of death" are where we're going. We'll be working till we die...! The end... is in sight... already...

Isaac: ...I have heard about this rumor, but I always wondered if it was true...

Audrey: Isaac, all the mercenaries are gathered, but... What? Look how many soldiers there are...! However hard we resist, this whole fight is meaningless, isn't it?

Isaac: It seems that they're not taking revenge for the battle on the sea... But it seems we have no choice but to comply and go to Eburacum.

Audrey: To those mines?

Isaac: Well... Yeah... The situation is already out of hand... They overpower us by a mile and we were taken off guard. We have almost no chance of escape.

Audrey: Seriously? Well, if you say so... Then, what do you do now?

Isaac: There's no alternative, so I'm going to Eburacum. Before I do, give this pass to Kara, and tell her to flee to Illia. We cannot look after her any longer. She can take care of herself, without us.

Audrey: This pass... To be handed over in such a situation...

Isaac: Yeah, I'm surprised as well. Audrey, I have one last request. I want to leave the remaining members of the mercenaries to you. Sorry for not taking full responsibility...

Audrey:...

Saar: Hear, men of the village! Gather into the town square! Hurry up! 

Audrey: Isaac...

Isaac: Thank you for taking care of me... May you be blessed for the rest of your life... Goodbye.

■章終了会話6             　　　ID ACE

Soldier:
I make a report!
Lord Florence of Dia has sent 
us here the laborers for the mines and some tributes. 

Arcardo:
Oh, well done!
Seems it's going well in Dia.

Soldier:
And the report says that resistance in some places
has been getting active... 
It is said that they're up to no good. 

Arcardo:
Hmph. Those merest civilians? 
What can they possibly do?
Not worth fearing at all!
Hahahahaha...!
