Chapter 4 Isaac-Berkus talk

Isaac: ...Berkus? You were here too?

Berkus: ...Commander, sorry. We sent you Chloe with the message for you and got a request for an additional mission... But that mission put us into trouble. Etrurian soldiers caught us and sent us here. Commander, how did ya get here?

Isaac: Well... it's basically the same story as yours. We aim for escape. Berkus, what about you? Join us?

Berkus: Ha, I'm in! What else d'ya expect? 

Chapter 4 Isaac-Titor talk

Titor: Oh, Boss! Whew, I'm glad that we're back together, even in this hellhole!

Isaac: ...I'm glad, too, to see you easygoing as usual.

Titor: Nope, it's far from easy to be all that cheery in our situation. After all, we've been here quite a long time. How many times I thought I would die here!
How did you get here, Boss? Perhaps... you made some mistake and were brought here?

Isaac: ...Yeah, something like that, though I am escaping right now.

Titor: Well, the boss will always be the boss. I'll be by your side. I've been tired of being here! Come on, let's go!

Isaac:...

Chapter 4 Isaac-Civilian talk

Isaac: Hey, you.

Teen Boy:Y, yes, sir... Me, sir?

Isaac: Relax. I'm not a soldier...

Teen Boy: Huh...? 

Isaac: We are about to make a riot occur. We will escape from Eburacum, and what will you do? 

Teen Boy: Sir... I'll go with you! Take me with you! I just want to go home... where Mother and Father are waiting... 
Ohh... I can... I can fight! I'll try to be as useful as I can be!

Isaac:...Calm down, it's fine. Don't do anything reckless, if you are to reunite with your parents.

Teen Boy: Yes... Sir...

Chapter 4 Isaac-Civilian Talk 2

Isaac: Are you safe?

Villager Man: Ahh, I'm relieved... Help's come at last... The "Resistance" told us about ya. 
Let me join you in the riot! This is only one chance in a lifetime. I'm weary from such a tough life...! I have family as well, so for their sake, I will not die here...

Isaac: ...I agree. We will both survive this day and go home.

Chapter 4 Isaac-civilian talk 3

Old villager man: Is it you... that are leading the riot?

Isaac: Yes, we are. Your help will be appreciated. To escape Eburacum, we need more people to make the riot larger.
We want as many people as possible.

Old Village Man: I have only one answer: we will cooperate with you, man. Just waiting won't do me any good. If I'm fated to die, I wanna die hard.

Isaac: This mindset will get you nowhere. Aim to survive and return home.

Chapter 4 Isaac-Audrey Talk

Audrey: Isaac! You're safe, right?

Isaac: Audrey? Why are you here, of all places?

Audrey: Chloe's here too. Sophia's on standby outside. Of course we've come to help ya all.
You know, Eburacum is said to be the place where you can never return alive from.

Isaac: I told you not to do anything too reckless, didn't I...? Did you send Kara back anyway?

Audrey: She's gone, after insisting on staying until recently. She insisted on joining this mission, too, but I forced her to leave.

Isaac: Well, it's okay if she's away from here safely, at least. Then, what is this mission you're talking about?

Audrey: Well, I've assumed the Resistance has contacted you.

Isaac: Yes, it has.

Audrey: After you men were caught, we contacted the Resistance and waited to rescue you. And that chance finally came. Isaac, it's so nice to be able to finally see you safe.
Let's escape quickly.

Isaac: ...Sorry, to make you worried, after all.

Audrey: Well, we shall escape from here first. Commander, I count on your order!

Isaac: Of course. Leave it to me.

Chapter 4 Isaac-Johnny Talk

Isaac: Johnny! Wake up, you're on a battlefield!

Johnny: ...Oh! It's been a long time, Leader.

Isaac: I question how you're able to sleep when such chaos is occurring around you.

Johnny: I can sleep anywhere. That's my special skill! Now we've gotta get a move on, right?
Let's go, searching for freedom!

Isaac:...

Chapter 4 Berkus-Titor Talk

Berkus: Whew, it looks like they've managed it.

Titor: Ah, Berkus, my friend! Let's go now! I can't even drink booze here, with such little freedom.
It's full of men and so, so cramped! It's time to start our grand quest for freedom.

Berkus: Don't get carried away, you idiot. We have yet to know if we can escape alive.

Titor: I'm sure we can! You and me, the deadly combination!

Chapter4 Titor-JohnnyTalk

Titor: Oi, Johnny! Here comes everyone!

Johnny:...Okay, it's time to go, right? Let's get out of here together. ...Without leaving anyone behind, I mean.

Chapter 4 ending

Isaac: Hurry up! Get more prisoners out! We must be in a greater number and make the rumpus larger! 

Villger man: Ohhhhhhh! I'm gonna go wild! Gahhhhhhh!

Money Man: We've broken your prison. Well, let's escape as fast as we can.

Teen Boy: We can escape, right? Is...this true?

Moustache man: Run away, quickly! We'll never have such a chance again!

Old villager man: This momentum... can get us... out of there!

Isaac: Anyway, the riot has now spread. After this, all we need to do is head for the exit...

Green soldier: So, it seems the plan went well...

Isaac: Somehow, it did. Hey, if we proceed as we are, can we get to the exit?

Green soldier: Rest assured, you can. As I told you, that is the exit, though Etrurian soldiers guarding mines are densely packed nearby.
But their number is not very large. With this momentum, a breakthrough should be easy.

Issac: I hope that it will be truly a small force. Anyway, now that we've come so far, we can't retreat.

Green Soldier: Yeah, we will cause as much confusion as we can in various places. You have only to get out of here, and then you'll be free.

Chapter 4 ending 2

Audrey: We mustn't lose our concentration yet, man.

Isaac: Once we go through here, we'll get to the exit. I feel like leaving this place right away. We had a really hard time here. Oh, I didn't ask you in detail, but... After we were taken, what happened? As for us, we were working hard in the mine.

Audrey: It was terrible for you, I guess. We, as I might have mentioned, joined forces with the Resistance. It may be more exact, though, to say they came to contact us while we were at a loss.

Isaac: The Resistance... They say they fight to liberate the people of the islands. 

Audrey: Right, that's right. Their main activity is to resist bandits and the Etrurian lords.

Isaac: Fighting against the Etrurian lords... I see.

Audrey: I hear that, away from their home country, the lords are doing as they like. I also hear they're manipulating bandits and enriching themselves. 

Isaac:... They're more selfish than I imagined. So, what kind of person is this leader? Must be strong to lead the organization which resists Etruria. 

Audrey: Well... That woman... I mean, that leader is...

Isaac: Oh, the leader is a woman? So she's such a strong warrior? 

Audrey: Yup, that's right. Her charisma is incredible indeed. The whole organization works together under her command... They say she's been persistently resisting the lords for a long time. That may be why... she's rumored to be called the "Hero of the West".

Isaac: Now, thanks to her and the Resistance, we're likely to survive. I want to meet her and give her my sincere gratitude.

Audrey: You can thank her all you want if we can get out of here. Let's get out, by all means!

Isaac: Yeah, of course.



World map chapter 4 text 0x882

Narrator: By the order of Lord Florence of Dia, the mercenaries scatter and the men are sent, along with the men of the village, to the Eburacum mines on the central island, Fibernia.
Life is strenuous there. The officials of Eburacum never allow the prisoners to take a respite even if they are sick or totally exhausted. 
It is a hellscape where a man after another becomes a bag of bones and dies of exhaustion. 
One day, a suspicious man creeps up to Isaac's cell, and offers him a chance to decide the mercenaries' fate...

Conversation if first citizen dies Text ID AEC

Issac: ...It seems that one of the citizens has fallen. 
An order for everyone! Protect the citizens at all cost, and keep morale high!
We can't afford more deaths!

Conversation if second citizen dies Text ID 8C5

Isaac: Seems I can't control it... If this situation continues, everyone will get out of hand...

Resistance 1(Only Voice): The rebels have begun to be disordered! 

Resistance 2(Only Voice): Hey, wait! You're going the wrong way!

Escapee 1(Only Voice): No, I can't entrust my life to ya ! I might as well get away with my own!

Escapee 2(Only Voice): Ah, I'll go alone too... 

Green soldier: Hey, wait!

Audrey: Isaac, the civilians have gotten out of hand.
This can't be controlled anymore... Our operation is a failure.

Isaac: ...Audrey. Gather the mercenaries. As soon as we gather ourselves, we leave this place.
We'll cross the deadline...

■ ４章 開かない扉を開けようとした時　Text ID 0xF21

Isaac：I can't open this door with a normal key. Unless I seize the checkpoint, it won't open. First I'll seize the checkpoint.


Chapter 4 End conversation Text ID 0x958
Soldier: Sir Arcardo, Sir Gallius has come to see you.

Arcardo: Oh, he's arrived! Sir Gallius, you come recommended by Sir Roartz.
I would like you to use your power for me, by all means!

Gallius: Why of course, Sir Arcardo! I would be glad to offer my power to you, "King" of the Western Isles! 

Arcardo: "King"! Calling me "King"! Hahaha, well said. 
...Hmm, by the way, it is said that remnants of the "Nameless" may be on this very island. Is it reliable information? Perhaps... those bastards, holding grudge against me about deceiving them, have come to assassinate me...? S, Sir Gallius!! What do you think!?

Gallius: The Nameless's presence is certain though I don't know yet their purpose for sure. But Sir Arcardo, I'll handle them, to give you peace of mind. That's why we were sent here. Please let me and my associates handle these "Nameless", and concentrate on governing this island.
You, as well as Sir Roartz, are the ones who bear the future of Etruria. 
In the name of the "Schwarz Ritter", I'll accomplish this mission.

Arcardo: Hmm... I understand. I'll leave it to you, since what is important is my life...