Chapter 3 ending 3
Isaac: Yeah, it seems that pirates are basically extinct in the Valetta area. Although, since they hired us as town guards, I feel like we’re almost stealing from those poor souls.

Chapter 3 ending 4
Audrey: If those rumors are true, then this "etrurian era" on the islands is ill-warranted. If the etrurians are using their status to push around the islanders, then we still have the moral high ground.
Isaac: Well, you're right on those points.
Audrey:... By the way, Isaac. What's that book you have with you?
Isaac: Oh, this? This is Karas's. It's a mercenaries's pass. When were getting rid of the thieves, i was watching and evaluating her movements. She performed so well, i can feel slightly relieved... If she wants to, i can subit this pass for her to be known as a fully-fledged Illian knight. She would fly across the continent, and live the solitary life of a mercenary.
Audrey: Yeah... if Kara left.. it would certainly be an emotional departure. Everybody here has a soft spot for her.
Issac: It's not like her leaving is a one-way trip. We'll be able to see each other again, if an opportunity presents itself. Anyway, i've finished writing it. If you see Kara, ask her if she wants this pass now or later.
Audrey:Um, Isaac? I'm not exactly sure she'll want to leave.
Isaac: Youre not wrong. It's just... i worry about her. I heard about johhny's extended absence from a letter that Chloe came back with, where he says he can't return, but...
Audrey: Letters aren't always reliable. Maybe something happened to him.
Isaac: That sounds highly probable...
???: We have a serious problem! Something happened to the Etrurians in the village!
Isaac: Did you hear that, Audrey? It seems something strange is going on there.
Audrey: Indeed. Is this another issue involving revenge?
Isaac: If so, it seems that we have another situation on our hands. Gather the mercenaries, we may have another fight on our hands.
Audrey:... Understood. I'll gather them now.
 
Chapter 3 ending 5
Saar: Listen, people of this village! The lord of this province was assasinated by an individual from this village! In retribution, i was given the honor of conscripting you to the Etrurian cause! Any able bodied men from 15 to 60 years of age shall present themselves here, without exception! If there are exceptions, we will punish the village in the form of sanctions!
Old man: Oh, this is terrible! It's the end... "The Eburacum mines of death" are where we're going. We'll be working till we die! The end is in sight already...
Isaac: I have heard about this rumor, but i always wondered if it was true...
Audrey: Isaac, all the mercenaries are gathered, but... Look how much soldiers there are... How will we resist? Isn't this whole fight meaningless?
Isaac: Seems we have no choice but to comply. We were already planning to go to Eburacum already.
Audrey: Are you kidding me? You want them to capture us?
Isaac: I know when to give up. They overpower us by a mile and we were taken off guard. We have almost no chance of escape.
Audrey: Seriously? Well, if you say so... What do we do now?
Isaac: We're going to Eburacum. Before we do, give the pass to Kara, and tell her to flee to Illia. She can take care of herself, and if i can't see her, tell her i said "Farewell".
Audrey: This pass... To be handed over in such a situation...
Isaac: I'm suprised as well. Audrey, i have one last request. I want to leave the remaining members of the mercenaries to you. I've acted irresponsibly.
Audrey:...
Saar: Gather the men of the village! Herd them into the town square! Hurry up!
Audrey: Isaac...
Isaac: Thank you for taking care of me... May you be blessed in the next life... Goodbye.

Chapter 3 ending 6
Gallius: Time to continue this little game i play. What should i grind to dust today?
Leon: Gallius, can you refrain from speaking? He is indeed an etrurian noble. Even so, the coup d'etat lead by Roartz... We cannot handle it without tact. I leave this task to you. Good luck to you both, Gallius, Haguro.
Gallius: Of course, leave it to us. We, the "Schwarz Ritter", will make it so your plan goes off without a hitch.
Haguro:... If you keep your promise, i will continue cooperating with you.
Leon: In building my new world, you, the "Schwarz ritter", have been my greatest tools. The knightd of the Etrurian Kingdom specialising in shady activities. We cannot be found out, especially by the dragon generals, that'd be a major wrench in our plans. Fortunately, we have mesures against that, thanks to Roberts. I have to go now, for there are many things to do...
Gallius: Fufufufu...
Haguro:...Yes,sir.
